What do they have in common?
Their ancestral homes are all villagers of Fengmen Village
30 years ago, there were rumors of ghosts in Fengmen Village
So a large number of villagers relocated
More than 30 years have passed
Now the descendants of Fengmen Village have more than 30,000
Distributed all over the country
Oh, I see.
What's up?
No wonder the family said they all deserved to die
The 5,000 who died before
Their ancestral homes are all from Fengmen Village
Remember
He is going to kill all the descendants of Fengmen Village
Ah!
This is too cruel
Hey
When is the revenge?
I share all my sins
It's all blamed on the villagers of Fengmen Village
That's why he wants to kill all their descendants for revenge
A promising female college student
It was ruined.
An innocent child
Become a demon
Such hatred
No one can easily resolve it
By the way, what about Xu Bingyan?
Are you here yet?
Ah, such a master
We're at the grave
Also posted Zhao Jiafu
But no matter how much we pray
Xu Bingyan just doesn't come out
Xu Binya and the devil child were killed by mother and son
If they join forces
No one is their match.